Ds 1396 add register user endpoint (#1)
Contxt-Ltd/darkspark-example-expressjs: README.md

# Darkspark Example using Express

This repository illustrates using Darkspark with Express on nodejs.

## How to Use

1. Create an account on [Darkspark](https://darkspark.io)

> 2. Skip the onboarding dialog and click "Take me to API keys". Or just go directly to [API Keys](https://darkspark.io/account/apikeys).

Reviewer: There is a pre step to this to navigate to the users default workspace.

Author: Can you suggest some text?

> 2. Skip the onboarding dialog and click "Take me to API keys". Or just go directly to [API Keys](https://darkspark.io/account/apikeys).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Skip the onboarding dialog and navigate to Account / [API Keys](https://darkspark.io/account/apikeys).
```

> 6. Run `npm start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Run `npm install`
7. Run `npm start`
```
